[Music]
Hey family, what I have to tell you
is quite serious, very serious, where is
this man going? I don't know what he's
trying to achieve because by doing this
kind of thing, the truth is that it makes him look
much worse because with this kind of thing,
what it shows is that he's super
obsessed, super obsessed, and super
angry. I know it's worth it, but it's very strong, what I'm
going to tell you is worse, it can't
be clear. I think that in part that's what's
happening to him, he doesn't care anymore, he doesn't have to
lose, send, lose anymore, but this
is very, this, this can't be done, and on
top of that, if you're in a judicial process, I
don't think that what you've done is very
recommendable, but anyway, I'm going to tell you.
You know that the other day I posted a
tweet with a click of Joan Plana, an
excerpt from the video, I don't know how many videos he
made, he made one. That's better than
criticizing Antonio from Abismales so that he
knew, hey, look how he spoke, how
Joan Plana speaks, about Antonio Albino because the
video was from this summer, let's say it
wasn't from such and such, no, so I posted that tweet
at night and a few hours later
when I  I wake up in the morning and
find the email and the tweet already
thrown out, it was taken down by copyright on
Twitter, depending on how you do
things, there is also fair use, there
is also fair use or
illegitimate use, you can't choose the
best and upload an entire video from
YouTube to Twitter, imagine videos to
upload the videos very hard half hours
but a video of Juanjo for example,
imagine Juanjo his videos for two
or three minutes imagine if a
Twitter account came out that was dedicated to re-
uploading the videos below, that would not be
fair use obviously because it would be
taking away from him, it would be damaging
Juanjo's business. Now if I upload a
video, an extract of a half-
hour video, and I upload a 30-second click of
20 seconds to give context to what I
'm saying in the tweet, that
fair use, man, that harms the
original work absolutely for nothing, what
's worse is that he and his entire group,
worth the check, he attacks me, I'm
okay, I mean, I don't care, okay,
people love me, you're worth it, like,
whoever wants, besides who  want to
know that we crossed videos but he
has changes uploaded to his twitter to his
channel too and to his valuable twitter he
from the first moment in his
twitter account of free hugs made me a
video he made me a video saying that
men will leave
leave also gossip put some
unpleasant news machismo when
men sometimes another false all of that are
in the videos that we have crossed
that the criteria that reviews these days
to respond to the demand that by the way
I have even filed a lawsuit what you
wanted what happens that the lawsuit does not cause
the effect that you that is that we already
told you first this I although we do not
care now on his twitter he has put that
after Christmas the lawsuit will arrive
to the rest of us since we do not care
as if you want to hire the best
lawyer in the entire planet and bring
Spain here some facts and he was a
jerk disrespectful insults
with very strong things they answer you what is
happening those that to Omar the
hundreds that we do not care the lawsuits
that you want to file the one that does not intimidate do
not send him a  email to karen more
serious forget at seven thirty there were
ten minutes four hours I put
the name I put the thumbnail because I
know it opens at a quarter to eight
well at eight o'clock I'm downstairs
waiting for my brother because they see me
looking for eight and at eight and a minute
or two minutes my brother arrived five
minutes late receives an email from johann
planas cargo I see the face there and the
title the title of the face demands
in a moment I draw water that I was
tired although no although we are not
intimidated and we are not afraid of lawsuits
or anything it is a nuisance you have to
be responding to this man and
wasting time on something that can be
solved a debate in a
video course a nuisance no but oh well but they will
happen these are things that will sink you
when you work in the
media these are things that you have to have I
assumed what happens is that you
have very thin skin that
this glass society breaks to build a
strong society and not a bunch of
offended people
the future will be looking for a fight and
when he puts you in your place there I am a
victim not me  here in some facts and we
have also reviewed them this week to
respond to the lawsuit no the
facts are as I was
completely sure - wrong that is true we
keep everything and certify everything
because this gentleman is the lawsuit stated
as if he simply received direct
if he did nothing less bad that I
downloaded the direct almost to him that
then he deleted them less bad that I
downloaded I identified the tweets
tremendous insults in the tweets okay
he does me good it was a little of
his insults okay I'm going to read a little of
his insults the psuv tweets of
this gentleman who has sued so that we
respond to him okay these are some
some rabbis finished reviewing
everything but these are some of the
insults that Joan Planas makes me to my
illiterate fool exit of smells panties smells
panties of the year 8 reality of garbage
that masturbates with the photo of his friend
the one who can't get the photo of the
fairy out of his head that they throw him more
two tits cross brain that I like
masochism silly fire of
society  that I have collapsed the only
neuron I have thug that I am an
abuser and I abuse my wife and
the people who live with me
should be afraid because I am violent
miserable frustrated that my neuron does not
give more for the poor person
stupid crazy loser deserves every
disease that comes to him that I am disgusting
that I have insulted people with
disabilities scum 'cyberbully'
rat complex
these are half these are half of
there are a few more things that I am not
going to reveal because the secret in
schools I have as they say in my country is
taken and it is not tolerated I have these things
I assumed you work in the
media well there will be times when you look
bad that you have well that they have to
waste time answering this type of
things no man here the facts are the
facts and the facts well you are going to
fool him you can hire the best
law firm in the world but well you are going to
fool him to have all three certified and you
dedicate these tweets to me and tell us these
things especially about abusers the
abuser was what  more made
the controversy explode no well I already answer you if you
look for javi limeira possibilities you are
a child see in back to asked he came to
see him shouting
[Music]
to the thumbnail in mocking mode no what
happened that he has lost 30,000
followers because you have been fighting
with everyone because the 30,000
followers he has not lost for me the
30 thousand followers he has lost with
me I do not remember if he lost 2000 or
something like that played and
with me that normally when you have
controversy with other youtuber and others what he
does is gain visits and gain
followers what happens is that he looked bad he
fell badly and people left what I
put them shares with me then the rest
have lost them looking bad with the rest
of the people who have continued fighting we
remind you all that we have the
seen here okay in case someone wants to
collaborate with this type of injustice
willis take my money that a good part of
what you want to sue they want to
try to see if the game passes what
you have written to the lawsuit that
literally is a lie it is not that
even  there are times when you minute things in
the lawsuit saying mental minute says
so you go to the video we don't put it
but you want to try now since that's what
happens that he believed that by
filing the lawsuit we will no longer please don't
take please don't sue us
johann that we don't care that they don't
intimidate us imagine that I had
done something that violates doing it in
plain order I don't care about payment what with what
I have to take care of and we
continue be don't you believe that it's over being
able to talk about you the
same now it's that you can't
try is what you have said other
times not trying to censor someone that you
have to suspend only one account by
order of a judge or a police your
power to do what you do and that nobody
criticizes you a kind of luck of
legitimacy in which you can't
criticize us but you can do
everyone I'm sorry for that it's not going to happen
but it must have been tremendous the other one
I fall down in the tweet yesterday put a tweet
being the youtubers who sent me a
burofax to  try to scare me
coerce me with a false lawsuit to make
me shut up and you still haven't heard from
me relax I haven't forgotten to
enjoy the holidays in 2020
news from me will also come that we don't care it's
true that
if you do something people respond
that you have to love because they are not right
I'm sorry but you have to learn to
overcome things and what he has done today
trust tell now is very strong I would
even consider that this is censorship he has to
suspend an account by
order of a game of a police he would not have
lost those followers if
instead of following and following he had
dedicated himself to working create content that
people are interested in weeks before
everything started I stopped following him he
insulted me for contradicting him and it
was crazy that he is the one who has made
everything go to waste he could be perfectly
earning his money watching him play the
gadget well but well that beats what is what
happens crouching used to and
pounding out of v more reaching the
cat pounding one pounding the other
until he found the king of salsa the
realization or put it in  your site I
told you from the first moment he has been
with me nothing that I can win that he
wants to sue that's what the
courts are for what I want him to pay the
costs after today has been
tremendous because suddenly they
start receiving that they are
trying to block my twitter account it is
because I am in plan to
because in fact putting his
personal information in the email that
Joan Plana is trying to suspend the
twitter account he has to suspend
only one account by order of a game of
a police when the guy in his
twitter account both in the free hug
and the other one uses tweets with
videos of me but not with videos of me but
with videos of everything because they are
pending the HIV live broadcasts of
Rubn Gisbert and he is trying to close
my twitter account what he is
doing is searching
and twitter during the last year and a half
but this one in November for example all
the videos where he appears and
report them for copyright this is a
twitter account that is part of my
business I am not going to enter into his game of
it report the trinar I am
going to go the other way but this in
my business account that I use to
connect with my followers
promote my videos promote my
advertising campaigns the issues
that the twitter account is trying to throw at me by
looking for all the clicks in
which he appears and reporting what he
has already reported all those that
appear luck between quotes that are
yours old and then twitter
seems to not take it very much into account I did not
know about the account in fact tomorrow we
will consult obviously to see what
steps to take and all that stuff no because
I do not think it is very logical I do not know if it will be
very legal and very lawful that you things and you
tried to close my twitter account to
shut me up in revenge because you
are burned you just threw these
tweets never and today you are dedicated to
reporting en masse to try to
suspend my account because what you
are trying to do is suspend my websites
and the intention is clear the intention is
clear you are trying to suspend my
twitter account not very
legal progress if you consider that this and they
violate any of your rights
johann because they have not put them in the
lawsuit because no  this violates nothing
simply my freedom of expression
what you can not do is take
justice into your own hands and delete these
tweets this has to be decided by a judge
if he attends that suspending an
account by order of a judge or a
police has to overcome it I
won you it is that I was not right in anything if
you are in all look man this
is very strong this is very hard in what he
is trying to do with this what he
is trying because the city is
saddened a few minutes before starting the
live look at this tweet davis santos
has threatened to give a strike to a
boy if he does not stop criticizing him go the
saint who said that they are not going to
comments or censorship but if they tell him
four truths he gets into an uglier plan
place to close his channel joan plana
being joan plana hallucinating no I think it is
not necessary for me to describe
this act much once again joan plana
being portrayed says god if you
consider that in these tweets
something of yours is violated you may have put it
in the lawsuit did not admit it
because I am with my freedom of
expression through the twitter rules
of fair use and use a few
seconds of videos in legitimate ways I
respond to what we are saying I will
take the necessary measures to
recover this when you started to
insult me and disrespect me the
first thing I said to you and it is recorded I said do
not disrespect me that I
am not disrespecting you less faults I am
sorry I answered you you looked bad that you
can not overcome it look for some
way to overcome it find a hobby what
you see I but you can not
stretch my account these legitimate uses and I
told you at the first moment you can not
do anything against me in what I can
earn overcome does not turn pages a year and a
half has passed and this man has
dedicated his afternoon instead of working
in these days to try to take down my
account if they take down my account I create
another one and as they have done to me other times
get back to surpassing followers
guy tip work create content try to
regain credibility or is it simply
entertainment man it is a job that
people want to see very important in
case you manage to suspend my account okay
follow me everyone everyone  that is
watching this live follow me
absolutely everyone follow me on
my twitter account knock on wood because
there is a friend who is surely
watching me that everything but helping with the
verification issue and it is supposed that at
any moment
knock on wood knock on wood let's see if
that day will come I have said it
everyone follow me on twitter and follow me on
instagram to bera bera bera in fact
many of the before uploading this video
8 they just sent me this
screenshot and it is that guys have gotten up
and early also at 7 in the morning I
am already having upon us stop
lying to make people believe that I
want to close accounts in addition to
posting videos of mine making people believe the
opposite of what I say and thus attacking my
honor will not benefit those who
defame me or have been flat do you think that
saying that he is reporting with the
intention of suspending someone's account
why do you start reporting en
masse tweets from a year ago if you are not
trying to suspend someone's account
when you also post videos on your
sant joan accounts flat says that
this is defamation and that  this violates your
honor Johann really look at yourself really
what information means look at
what would be some statements or
accusations that violate the honor because I think you are
not clear
anything with which I do not
agree or for which it does not look good does not
mean violating the honor and tell me tell me
please that you are not talking to
the bonfires of cotidiano to which
our team has had to report
because they were literally publishing
personal data but not only
personal data but other things that I
will tell you in advance okay because I am
leaving this for later because there are
very serious issues involved okay they have
sent me all the evidence that they
are reporting several accounts
Joan please tell me that you are not
talking to the forms of cotidiano you
are talking to the forms of
continuing true are you comparing that they
could surprise me the account the
twitter account to me which is part of
my business and when what I am
doing is legitimate you are comparing it
by the t-shirts of cotidiano no
please do not tell me that they are not their
original accounts valuable  They are accounts created
exclusively to harass, but
true harassment is not what you call things
to publish data to threaten.
Please tell me no, you are not comparing
my account with those people's. Please,
we have a little hope again
and still. Please, anyway, Serafin, I
think time will pass and no, he will
never get over it.
[Music] [
Music]